Release-6.4.0 (#2799)
microsoft/onefuzz: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 6.4.0

### Added 

> * Deployment/CLI: OneFuzz Config refactored - `authority`, `tenant_domain`, and `cli_client_id` are now required values in the config.json used during deployment [#2771](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2771)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deployment/CLI: OneFuzz Config refactored - `tenant_id`, `tenant_domain`, `multi_tenant_domain`, and `cli_client_id` are now required values in the config.json used during deployment and no longer required at when running the config command. [#2771](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2771)
```

Reviewer 2: You might want to remove the `at` in `no longer required at`

Reviewer: updated.

* Agent: Fully escape allowlist rules [#2784](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2784)
* Agent: Apply allowlist to all blocks within a function [#2785](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2785)

### Changed
* Service: Include `AssignedTo` when failing to create a work item due to an authentication exception [#2770](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2770)

### Fixed
* Agent: Fixes & improvements to `Expand` behavior [#2789](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2789)
* Agent: Triming whitespace in output from monitored process before printing [#2782](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2782)
* CLI: Fixed default value of analyzer_exe [#2797](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2797)
* Service: Fixed query to get the existing proxy [#2791](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2791)
* Service: Truncate webhooks message length for azure queue size compatibility [#2788](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2788)

> 

Reviewer: Were you able to include the Notification failed webhook PR? If so, can you add it to the changelog?

Author: Yes the PR is included in the release, but missed adding it to the changelog. Added now.
